In four of his letters, the Apostle Paul encouraged fellow Christians to greet one another with a holy kiss.
Similarly, Peter used the expression, greet one another with a kiss of love.
Now, why was that encouragement given?
Because giving a kiss was a token of affection, honor or peace.
Well, in a similar vein, notice what Jehovah commands us to do.
In Psalm 2, please.
Go to the second Psalm and let's read verse 12.
Jehovah says, honor or, if you look at the footnote, literally, kiss.
Kiss the son or God will become indignant and you will perish from the way.
For his, Jehovah's anger flares up quickly.
You notice, Jehovah doesn't present this as an option, does he?
He didn't say, I recommend, I suggest you kiss my son.
It's actually presented as a decree, a powerful statement indeed.
And Jehovah takes it very personal, whether we warmly, affectionately welcome his son,
or not, see.
Those who do not do so, do not kiss the son warmly welcome him will perish as result of Jehovah's anger.
Or put another way, such ones will meet God.
Now, let's talk about this just for a little bit.
The Israelites, because they were so disobedient, were warned by Jehovah through Amos,
the prophet at Amos 4-12, get ready to meet your God.
Now, that expression reminds me when I was a young teenager growing up in the southern part of the United States,
along the highways we would often see religious billboards.
And a common sign read, are you ready to meet God?
And it was supposed to be based on Amos 4-12.
We ask, and it was explained to us, that the meaning was, are you ready to go to heaven,
meet God face to face, and thereafter live in heaven.
The word meet was being used with a favorable connotation.
But as we indicated, that's not the meaning of Amos 4-12.
Not to get ready to introduce yourself to God in a friendly way, far from it.
Jehovah through Amos was warning those disobedient Israelites,
they were going to meet God by means of a head-on collision.
It was going to be similar to a little ant walking in a train rail walking south,
being met by a locomotive coming north.
That's what the Israelites would experience.
And sure enough, as Jehovah warned, some years later,
the Israelites met God when they received His adverse judgment
when a Syria conquered and devastated them.
But here's a question, what get ready to meet your God message
is being sounded by God's people today?
Well, it's true, we sound the good news of the kingdom.
But we also sound a warning message, don't we?
We warn that all who do not take a stand with Jehovah and walk with Him
but continue to walk in opposition will meet Him in a head-on collision.
But here's another question, what will happen in the near future
and we've learned during the Great Tribulation to the tone,
the tenor of our get ready to meet your God warning message?
Well, for the answer, let's go to Revelation chapter 16.
Revelation chapter 16, and please, let's read verse 21,
then, great hailstones, each about the weight of a talent,
fell from heaven on the people and the people blaspheme God
because of the plague of hell for the plague was unusually great.
Well, our publications have explained that, of course, right now,
we take the soft waters of truth to people encouraging them to turn to Jehovah.
But soon, during the Great Tribulation, the tone, the tenor, will turn hard.
It will announce the imminent end of Satan's entire wicked system.
The soft waters of truth will congeal to become the hard-hitting hailstones of truth.
And this message will be so powerful that, as indicated there in that scripture,
we read that the people will blaspheme God.
They will be very upset, they will be very disturbed,
and it's likened to a great hailstone with every hailstone,
a great hailstorm, I should say, with every hailstone weighing about a talent.
Now, the Revelation climax book said, if the Apostle John had in mind the Greek talent,
that would mean each hailstone would weigh about 45 pounds.
Some years ago, interestingly, there was a little article or a little account in the watchtower
about egg-sized hail, falling in China and killing 25 people and wounding 200 additional people.
Now, think about it, if hailstones weighing only ounces could do that,
what about 45 pound hailstones?
And especially if you factor in how fast they fall, experts say a large hailstone
can fall at speeds faster than 100 miles an hour.
And interestingly, not long ago, the watchtower made the comment that it could well be
that our hailstone message that we're commissioned to give will be what induces God of May,
to make his all-out attack against Jehovah's people with the intention of wiping them from the earth.
And of course, we know the attack of God is the event that will enrage Jehovah
and move him to bring on the rescue operation of Armageddon.
But right now, we're still in the Kiss God Sun invitation time period.
We're happy about that, right?
But don't get too comfortable with that message either.
But we entreat honest-hearted ones to honor God's Sun, to warmly welcome him as Earth's new ruler.
And we do this urgently, don't we?
During the time before that hard-hitting get ready to meet your God time period arrives.
But now, here's a very important question.
Are we motivated to kiss God's Sun only because we don't want to experience
the adverse consequences of not doing so?
No.
Our main motivator is love, isn't it?
We love Jehovah, and we love his dear Son, and we long for him to be Earth's new ruler.
That love is what mainly motivates us to do so, to kiss, welcome God's Sun.
And of course, we want to help honest-hearted ones as we teach them,
to likewise kiss God's Sun because they are motivated by love.
But Jesus is Jehovah's choice, isn't he?
Jehovah has selected him, has installed him as King of the Kingdom.
And he will be the absolute best ruler that humans could ever have.
Why? What will make Jesus the very best ruler?
Well, one thing, he will have superhuman abilities.
And he will demonstrate, he will have these during his thousand year reign,
it will make him a wonderful, very loving ruler.
In fact, let's identify six superhuman abilities that Jesus will possess and demonstrate
during his wonderful thousand year reign.
And to identify each of these six superhuman abilities,
we're going to use a miracle that Jesus performed here on the earth,
because we know the earthly miracles, poor ten, foreshadow, even greater miracles
during his time as Messianic King.
Now, turn, please to Mark chapter four,
and let's identify superhuman ability number one.
Mark chapter four, verse 37,
now a great, violent wind storm broke out,
and the waves kept crashing into the boat,
so that the boat was close to being swapped.
But he, Jesus, was in the stern, sleeping on the pillow.
So they woke him up, and he said to him,
teacher, do you not care that we're about to perish?
With that, he got up and rebuked the wind,
and said to this sea,
hush, be quiet, and the wind abated,
and a great calm set in.
Now, you notice that wind storm is described with a double adjective,
great, violent wind storm, indicating its ferocity.
But with three simple words, hush, be quiet.
Jesus completely calm both wind and sea.
But now, what does that miracle portend for the future?
Well, as Messianic King,
Jesus will have the power to command and control the wind,
the sea, actually all forces of nature,
to mankind's benefit.
Under Kingdom rule, there will be no destructive tsunamis,
hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, et cetera, et cetera.
But now, let's identify superhuman ability number two,
and to do this, just think about the account, if you will,
in Matthew chapter 14.
If you recall, with just five loads of bread,
two little fish, Jesus fed a crowd,
likely of over 10,000 people,
if you factor in the women and children,
and every one of them ate to complete satisfaction,
while they even gathered up 12 baskets full of fragments
as leftovers.
Well, what do we learn from this miracle?
Jesus, as Messianic King, will exercise authority
over the organic elements in food and vegetation,
ensuring that no one under his rule ever goes hungry.
It's estimated right now more than 800 million people
go to bed at night hungry.
That number will be reduced to zero under Kingdom rule.
No one will have to go to bed hungry at night.
Psalm 72, 16, there will be an abundance of grain on the earth.
On the top of the mountains, it will overflow,
and it won't be just basics.
Isaiah 25, 6, Jehovah of Armies will make
for all the peoples,
that means that nobody left out,
a banquet of rich dishes,
a banquet of fine wine, filtered wine.
Now, we're not talking about ripple Thunderbird wine here.
We're talking about fine wine,
like Jesus made at that wedding feast in Canaan.
But now, let's identify superhuman ability number three.
Go please to Matthew chapter 15.
Matthew 15.
And let's read, please, verse number 30.
Then large crowds approached him,
bringing along people who were lame,
blamed, blind, speechless,
and many others,
and they laid them at his feet,
and he cured them.
Now, this was amazing, wasn't it?
But what did these healing miracles
portend for Jesus as Messianic king?
Well, he will have the power and the authority
to heal all sicknesses and maladies.
See, any sickness, any malady he will heal
under Kingdom rule has promised that Isaiah 33, 24,
no resident, not one,
will say, I am sick.
In fact, Jesus will even have the power
to put the human aging process
into reverse with ones becoming young physically.
Do you recall this video clip?
It was shown at a convention some years ago,
and we're not seeing in this portion
of this video a fantasy.
We're looking at reality.
In fact, one brother said,
can you imagine getting up in the morning,
put your glasses on,
you can't see anything.
Everything's blurry.
You take them off.
You can see beautifully, not fantasy.
We're talking about reality in Jehovah's New World.
But now let's identify superhuman ability number four.
And to do this, just think if you will,
of the account in Mark chapter five.
If you recall, very sadly, heart wrenchingly,
a little 12-year-old girl had died.
But what did Jesus do?
The account tells us he took her hand
and said, little girl, I say to you, get up.
That girl had been dead, immediately rose,
and began walking.
Well, what future accomplishment is signified
by this miracle?
Well, Jesus and his 144,000 associate kings
will have the power to completely empty the grave,
the common grave of dead mankind,
by means of the resurrection.
And then, according to Revelation chapter 20 verse 14,
the empty grave will be thrown into the symbolic lake of fire.
It will be abolished forever,
never again to receive another occupant.
Well, as I salute superhuman ability number five,
Matthew chapter nine, please, turn there.
Matthew chapter nine.
And let's read beginning in verse number three.
Matthew nine, verse three.
Now, certain scribes said to themselves,
this fellow is blaspheming.
Jesus, knowing their thought said,
why are you thinking wicked things in your hearts?
So notice Jesus could read hearts there as a perfect human.
What about his Messianic king, even more so?
He and 144,000 will be able to read hearts,
and that means what?
They will be able to perfectly judge mankind
with absolutely no mistakes, amazing indeed.
Well, let's determine one more,
a six superhuman miraculous ability
that Jesus will possess and demonstrate.
And we're going to do this.
Let's go to Matthew chapter eight.
Just back a little bit from where you were there.
Matthew eight.
And verse number 16.
But after it that came evening,
people brought him many demon possessed ones.
And he expelled the demons with a word.
And he cured all who were suffering.
So notice, rather than risk a decisive test of the power
that was back in Jesus,
the demons obeyed his command
to release these people that they were possessing.
Well, what do we learn from this?
What is this prefigure?
Jesus and 144,000 will have the power
to act against Satan and his demons.
Because Jesus even granted on the earth his disciples
that same authority didn't he?
They were able to expel demons.
So they will certainly have the power even more so
to take action against Satan and his demons.
At the end of the thousand year,
or the end of the great tribulation,
I should say first,
they will abyss them.
Then at the end of the final test at the end of the thousand years,
Jesus joined by the secondary seed of Abraham
as promised at Genesis 3.15.
Jesus will crush the ugliest head in the universe.
Satan's head.
And he will crush the second ugliest heads in the universe,
the heads of the demons.
What a tremendous accomplishment in vindication
of Jehovah's name and sovereignty that will be.
Well, there we have six marvelous, miraculous,
superhuman abilities that Jesus will possess
and exercise during his reign.
Human rulers, if we think about it,
couldn't even dream to ever possess
even one of those superhuman abilities.
But Jesus will be able to one,
command and control the forces of nature
to the benefit of all humans.
Two, exercise authority over food and vegetation,
ensuring that no one ever goes hungry.
Three, possess the power to heal all sicknesses and maladies.
Four, have the capability to completely empty the grave
by means of the resurrection.
Five, possess the ability to perfectly judge humans
with absolutely no mistakes.
Number six, be empowered to act against Satan and his demons.
And if you think about it, the four going
are only a few examples of the superhuman royal power
that Jesus will possess as Messianic King.
No wonder he's Jehovah's choice.
And no wonder Jehovah has issued the decree
that all, not optional, all must kiss,
warmly welcome his son.
Now, it's true, a kiss can be hypocritical, can it?
You know, Absalom gave out many, probably better say,
gave off many hypocritical kisses.
He was kissing everybody, wasn't he?
Hypocritical.
We read the account Treacher's Joab.
Hypocritically kissed Amesa just before he murdered him.
And by means of a disgusting hypocritical quote,
tender kiss, Judas betrayed Jesus.
But brothers and sisters, our kiss of Jesus
is not hypocritical.
From the bottom of our heart, by our conduct, by our words,
we warmly welcome Jehovah's choice, don't we?
We're so happy.
And we tell everybody about this that he is already installed
as King and he will soon be the ruler for all the earth.
And we want to help honest hearted ones
to likewise, sincerely, affectionately kiss welcome God's son.
We do this urgently during the limited window of time,
during this kiss God's son invitation time period.
Before it's now too late, time period arrives
when ones will be told, get ready to meet your God.
Of course, sadly, as we know, the vast majority,
especially the rulers, will adamantly continue to do so.
But we are not like them because these ones,
the anger of Jehovah and Jesus, will blaze against them.
But made Jehovah richly bless you dear brothers and sisters,
as you continue to affectionately, warmly welcome Jehovah's choice.
And as you work hard to help other honest hearted ones
to do the same.